First take Tech Mahindra.
Yes, these stock numbers of Tech Mahindra NFT have
come.  The numbers are good after the market closes tomorrow.  There
is no problem.  Ah,
1.6% in constant currency Q and Q
growth in dollar terms, which would be considered good.  The
estimate was around 1%.
Better than anticipated.  Ah margins seem to be coming in better than expected.  There
are good margins.   There
is no doubt in this.  It seems to be coming out above 17%.
Sorry,
margins above 12% are seen coming.  There
are also minor upgrades to the stock.  Ah I
believe that the flat will open.  If the flat opens and
goes up first, then profit booking will happen.  If the
bottom comes first,
buying will happen around the support.  So if you want to buy then there are
two levels around the support level 1442 and 1433 where you
can think about buying.  The targets on the upside are 1484 and 1510.
Ah a little bit I'm trying because
despite the good numbers, he is
giving very aggressively by call.  Yesterday, HCL
Techk also had very good numbers but the
stock did not move.
This means that even if the numbers in IT stocks are
good, there is no sudden, explosive bullish
environment being created.  Let's see
if Tech Mahindra Persistant etc.
change this or not.  The second stock is
Persistent which I have bought with a stop loss of Rs 5230.
Targets will be 5400, 5475 and 5550.
Persistent has got some great results and the best results in the entire industry
so far are of
Persistent.  Revenue growth is back
on track.  Revenue growth of 4% would be
considered quite good.  Margins have
also improved.  If you go looking for it, you wo
n't find any mistake.  TCV Deals Win is great.  So, in
my opinion, if we leave aside the
IT sector and market mood of the stock, then the
stock is capable of moving 34%.  There is no doubt in this.
Finally, ICICI has come to buy LBRD futures.
Stop loss will be at 1830.
Ah, this was the impact of GST in this quarter for the targets of 1880, 1900 and 1920.
GST was going to be implemented from 22nd September
and before that everyone knew that
GST on insurance policies could be zero.
18% of people have
also postponed their insurance policies.  Although this
is a slow quarter, still
some of my decisions have been postponed.  So it was bound to have an
impact.  Despite that,
good marks have been given.  Whereas the matter of GST could have been
a little negative.
I am also expecting some EPS upgrades.
And the good thing is that the stock has underperformed.  There has been an
underperformance of approximately 18%
this year.